In this video, we're going to fix our whiskers and I'm going to show you how to delete particles,
and you might have come across this in your creation that when you go and manipulate the mesh, it's
going to make a bit of a mess of particle systems.
And I do apologize if this has happened to you.
It's one of those things that we try to get our mesh as perfect as we can before we start adding these
details onto it.
But sometimes we do need to make those those fine tuning changes that we can only really do once we've
got everything in place.
In this instance.
My mistake was that I forgot to do the detail around the eyeballs.
That was totally my mistake.
I do apologize for that.
Something we can learn together and at least remember to two together.
Don't forget the eyes that for what I want to do for now is to delete these random stray whiskers and
just place them back in again.
And I haven't shown you how to do this.
And I've just been cutting the whiskers because that's been good enough for out as quick cut blimp.
Done.
But does a very, very easy way for us to hit see on the keyboard and then highlight any of the points
for our particle.
Just get at least get one of them per particle.
And then I'm going to Right.
Click to get out of selection.
Make sure there's none at the top.
It is one of the top C selected again.
I'm going to probably do read all these ones over on the right hand side.
As annoying as that is, I'm little bit frustrated.
I have to do them again.
But that is such as the way of the particle system.
Sometimes we do with it what we can.
And then right.
Click to get out of selection X on the keyboard and delete the particle that will get rid of all of
those particles.
So if you've got any of those little didley ones sticking around that you want to get rid of, that's
how you do it.
You just highlight them and then delete them.
So I was going to go and quickly replace these back.
It should be pretty straightforward because we've done this a couple of times already.
I'll just be as quick and speed it up.
But that is how we fix up any of our random particles that we want to delete completely.
And this process should be pretty quick, just placing down a particle, pushing it over to the side
or combing it over to the side and then adding a few more with Interpolate on.
So there mostly the right position right from the get go.
Just brushing them down a little bit, trying to make them as as smooth as you can with the curve.
So they're not jaggedly.
And then we're adding in the eyebrows as well, putting in four or five per.
And just doing a render to make sure it all looks pretty good.
There we go.
Whiskers and eyebrows added back in.
Looks pretty good when we're in the right view object mode.
We can see that.
We have our whiskers returned.
There we go.
We have whiskers back on our cat.
No worries.
And we've also had a little reminder on how to delete individual strands of hair.
See you in the next lecture.